My life is really big.
Absolutely right. All set hours were done.
The spiritual pot that fell is still in the pot.
Miss Gu, you have seen Mr. Gu pass.
have no idea.
I'll interrupt you first.
Let's, what did you say you got in there?
This is what Mr. Gu asked me to investigate. At the Shenzhen Tobacco Conference,
Consistent with Miss Ling Tiantian, birthday and Jiguan information,
Light and dark with ice. To watch it.
careful. No wonder Brother Gu Xun is so familiar with her.
It's all over, she already thought.
Familiar with that piece of zero every day.
Totally family.
Fear. Thanks.
Look, I will always be in your memory
Maybe it's young quiet